Add customizable key to disable checks customization for certain checks (#550)
trento-project/wanda: guides/specification.md

Finally, gathered facts, are used in Check's [Expectations](#expectations) to determine whether expected conditions are met for the best practice to be adhered.

## Customizable

> Wanda's built-in checks, which include expected values, are **customizable** by **default**. Users can modify these check values through the [Trento Web console](https://github.com/trento-project/web) to adapt to specific system and environmental configurations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can modify a check's [expected values](#values) to adapt to specific system and environmental configurations.

Built-in checks are considered **customizable** by **default**, so this flag is a way to opt-out from customization for a particular check.
```

To explicitly mark a check as non-customizable, set the `customizable`  key to `false`:

```yaml
customizable: false
```

> To explicitly mark a check as customizable, set the `customizable` key to `true`:
> 
> ```yaml
> customizable: false

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Besides it being `true` in this case 😄 , I believe it might turn out a bit redundant. What about omitting it?

Finally, gathered facts, are used in Check's [Expectations](#expectations) to determine whether expected conditions are met for the best practice to be adhered.

## Customizable

Users can modify a check's [expected values](#values) to adapt to specific system and environmental configurations.

Built-in checks are considered **customizable** by **default**, so the `customizable` flag disables customization for a particular check.

> The customizability flag can be set global in the check and|or in [values](#customizable-values). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The customizability flag can be set globally for a check and|or for [specific values](#customizable-values). 
```

> When both levels are set, the **global** flag takes **precedence**, overriding any value-level customizability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When customization is globally disabled for a check, that is it has been marked with `customizable: false`, it overrides any values specifics, otherwise specific values customizability is considered.
```

Author: I have splitted it up into two sentences. I hope this is a bit easier for the reader :)
